IT COULD ALSO GENERATE $25.6
MILLION.
FIVE CITIES HAVE ADOPTED TAXES
ON SUGARY DRINKS JUST THIS
YEAR.
THE SHERIFF'S OFFICE IS
HEARING YOUR COMPLAINTS.
EXILER HENRY LEARNED HOW --
SKYLER HENRY SHOWS HOW THEY ARE
CRACKING DOWN.
DEPUTIES ARE ASKING DRIVERS
WHO DON'T NEED TO PARK IN
HANDICAPPED SPACES TO FIGHT THE
TEMPTATION OR FACE A FINE.
WE GET COMPLAINTS ALL YEAR
LONG IN REFERENCE TO PEOPLE
VIOLATING IT.
PEOPLE TAKING SPOTS DESIGNATED
FOR THEM.
Reporter: PEOPLE WHO ARE
HANDICAPPED ARE HANDICAPPED FOR
A REASON AND NEED THESE SPOTS.
IT'S VERY DIFFICULT FOR SOME
PEOPLE WHO ARE HANDICAPPED TO
GET TO THE STORE.
A LOT OF TIMES PEOPLE THAT TAKE
THOSE PLACES UP, AND THE
HANDICAPPED HAVE TO PARK FAR
AWAY.
IT'S VERY DIFFICULT.
IN JUST ONE DAY,.
EVERY, SINGLE PERSON WHO
CAPS IN THE HANDICAPPED SPOT,
WE FIGURE OUT WHETHER OR NOT
THEY ARE LEGITIMATELY PARKING
IN THE SPOT OR NOT.
Reporter: IT IS AN APPROACH
THAT SEEMS TO BE WORKING.
A LOT OF PEOPLE NEED THE
PARKING SPACES.
IF THEY NEED THEM, THEY ARE
THERE FOR THEM UNLESS SOMEONE
PARKS IN IT ILLEGALLY.
I THINK THEY SHOULD THINK TWICE
BEFORE PARKING THERE.
WE WERE TRYING TO MAKE SURE
THAT PEOPLE IN HARFORD COUNTY
WHO HAVE DISABILITIES ARE ABLE
TO GET TO THE STORES TO DO WHAT
THEY NEED TO DO DURING THE
HOLIDAY SEASON.